# Module-4-Challenge
First, I imported the data from the new_full_student_data.csv file into a data frame called student_df by using the Panda read_csv and the os module. Second, I checked for rows that have NaN or missing values and deleted them. BTW, there were 1968 missing values in the reading score column and 982 missing values in the reading score column. I also checked for  and removed duplicate rows (1836 duplicates in total) and checked the data types by using dtypes property. After that, I removed the “-th” in the grade column by using str and replace, and I changed the grade column to the int64 type. Then I used the .describe() function to generate the summary statistics and display the mean for  math score using the mean function and the minimum for reading score. After that, I used loc to display the grade column. Additionally, I compared between charter and public schools in terms of their reading and math scores. Interestingly, there were no apparent differences in the reading scores but there were slight differences in the mean math scores. Further, I looked into the student population size for every school. There was a vast range between the biggest and smallest schools (2038 to 171). Finally, when I compared math scores between charter and public schools for each grade, I noticed that grades 9, 10, and 11 in charter schools scored higher than those in public schools. On the other hand, grade 12 public students seemed to score higher in math on average than those of charter schools. 
